some fixed bugs:

12112002: REPORTS
	  - changing subsong with tw.Nitro causes bugs (shd)
          - buggy automatic subsong change with turrican 1 (mld)
	  - changing subsongs with cust.Battleships/cust.FA18 back and forth
	    doesn't work (shd)
	  SOLUTION
	  - these bugs were related: the problem was that killuserinterrupts
	    function lost all interrupts vectors that were set with
	    SetIntVector (exec.library), hence audio ints stopped working
	    (shd)

19112002: PROBLEM:  ciab.resource/AddICRVector() sucked. It did not pass
		    the data pointer from Interrupt structure in A1
		    register to the user given interrupt function. Also,
		    it did not set a6 register to exec base before entering
		    the user interrupt function.
	  SOLUTION:
		    before calling user given function, set:
			a1 = data pointer from interrupt structure given
			     to AddICRVector()
			a6 = exec base

20112002: PROBLEM:  AHX replayer never seems to load the ahx.waves file for
		    faster startup, although it theoretically should.
	  SPECULATION:
		    Seems to be a missing feature in score. score's doslib
		    read implementation doesn't return the actual bytes read
	  SOLUTION: doslib read returns the right value, but doslib open
		    forgets to set initial file offset to zero! (shd)

25112002: PROBLEM: Some GMC caused the Protracker/Prowiz to crash score.
	  SOLUTION: The Heatseeker check routine misdetected these GMCs
		    as CRBs.  
		    Moved the GMC Check routine before Heatseeker. Needs
		    testing to see if it doesn't cause more trouble than
		    good. (mld)

300x2003: PROBLEM: EMSv6, Digibooster, AON8 and other multichannel files
                   suffered from a speed or quality problem.
	 SOLUTION: the replays enable a speedhack to run the emu with 1
	           instruction per second to get more host cpu time for
		   calculation.
		   To ensure backwards compatibility with the real Amiga
		   the speedhack is wrapped into a uade.library in score
		   (shd, mld)

25042003: hell. dozens of bug fixes have been forgotten.
